# MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CustomKeyIdentifier** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Do not use. | [optional] 
**DisplayName** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Friendly name for the password. Optional. | [optional] 
**EndDateTime** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | The date and time at which the password expires represented using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is 2014-01-01T00:00:00Z. Optional. | [optional] 
**Hint** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Contains the first three characters of the password. Read-only. | [optional] 
**KeyId** | Pointer to **NullableString** | The unique identifier for the password. | [optional] 
**SecretText** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Read-only; Contains the strong passwords generated by Azure AD that are 16-64 characters in length. The generated password value is only returned during the initial POST request to addPassword. There is no way to retrieve this password in the future. | [optional] 
**StartDateTime** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | The date and time at which the password becomes valid. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is 2014-01-01T00:00:00Z. Optional. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewMicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential

`func NewMicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential() *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential`

NewMicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential instantiates a new MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewMicrosoftGraphPasswordCredentialWithDefaults

`func NewMicrosoftGraphPasswordCredentialWithDefaults() *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential`

NewMicrosoftGraphPasswordCredentialWithDefaults instantiates a new MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCustomKeyIdentifier

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetCustomKeyIdentifier() string`

GetCustomKeyIdentifier returns the CustomKeyIdentifier field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomKeyIdentifierOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetCustomKeyIdentifierOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCustomKeyIdentifierOk returns a tuple with the CustomKeyIdentifier field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomKeyIdentifier

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetCustomKeyIdentifier(v string)`

SetCustomKeyIdentifier sets CustomKeyIdentifier field to given value.

### HasCustomKeyIdentifier

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) HasCustomKeyIdentifier() bool`

HasCustomKeyIdentifier returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCustomKeyIdentifierNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetCustomKeyIdentifierNil(b bool)`

 SetCustomKeyIdentifierNil sets the value for CustomKeyIdentifier to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCustomKeyIdentifier
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) UnsetCustomKeyIdentifier()`

UnsetCustomKeyIdentifier ensures that no value is present for CustomKeyIdentifier, not even an explicit nil
### GetDisplayName

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetDisplayName() string`

GetDisplayName returns the DisplayName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDisplayNameOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetDisplayNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDisplayNameOk returns a tuple with the DisplayName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDisplayName

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetDisplayName(v string)`

SetDisplayName sets DisplayName field to given value.

### HasDisplayName

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) HasDisplayName() bool`

HasDisplayName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDisplayNameNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetDisplayNameNil(b bool)`

 SetDisplayNameNil sets the value for DisplayName to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDisplayName
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) UnsetDisplayName()`

UnsetDisplayName ensures that no value is present for DisplayName, not even an explicit nil
### GetEndDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetEndDateTime() time.Time`

GetEndDateTime returns the EndDateTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEndDateTimeOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetEndDateTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetEndDateTimeOk returns a tuple with the EndDateTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEndDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetEndDateTime(v time.Time)`

SetEndDateTime sets EndDateTime field to given value.

### HasEndDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) HasEndDateTime() bool`

HasEndDateTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetEndDateTimeNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetEndDateTimeNil(b bool)`

 SetEndDateTimeNil sets the value for EndDateTime to be an explicit nil

### UnsetEndDateTime
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) UnsetEndDateTime()`

UnsetEndDateTime ensures that no value is present for EndDateTime, not even an explicit nil
### GetHint

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetHint() string`

GetHint returns the Hint field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHintOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetHintOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHintOk returns a tuple with the Hint field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHint

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetHint(v string)`

SetHint sets Hint field to given value.

### HasHint

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) HasHint() bool`

HasHint returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHintNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetHintNil(b bool)`

 SetHintNil sets the value for Hint to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHint
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) UnsetHint()`

UnsetHint ensures that no value is present for Hint, not even an explicit nil
### GetKeyId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetKeyId() string`

GetKeyId returns the KeyId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKeyIdOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetKeyIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetKeyIdOk returns a tuple with the KeyId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetKeyId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetKeyId(v string)`

SetKeyId sets KeyId field to given value.

### HasKeyId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) HasKeyId() bool`

HasKeyId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetKeyIdNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetKeyIdNil(b bool)`

 SetKeyIdNil sets the value for KeyId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetKeyId
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) UnsetKeyId()`

UnsetKeyId ensures that no value is present for KeyId, not even an explicit nil
### GetSecretText

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetSecretText() string`

GetSecretText returns the SecretText field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSecretTextOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetSecretTextOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSecretTextOk returns a tuple with the SecretText field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSecretText

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetSecretText(v string)`

SetSecretText sets SecretText field to given value.

### HasSecretText

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) HasSecretText() bool`

HasSecretText returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSecretTextNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetSecretTextNil(b bool)`

 SetSecretTextNil sets the value for SecretText to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSecretText
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) UnsetSecretText()`

UnsetSecretText ensures that no value is present for SecretText, not even an explicit nil
### GetStartDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetStartDateTime() time.Time`

GetStartDateTime returns the StartDateTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStartDateTimeOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) GetStartDateTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetStartDateTimeOk returns a tuple with the StartDateTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStartDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetStartDateTime(v time.Time)`

SetStartDateTime sets StartDateTime field to given value.

### HasStartDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) HasStartDateTime() bool`

HasStartDateTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStartDateTimeNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) SetStartDateTimeNil(b bool)`

 SetStartDateTimeNil sets the value for StartDateTime to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStartDateTime
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphPasswordCredential) UnsetStartDateTime()`

UnsetStartDateTime ensures that no value is present for StartDateTime, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


