# MicrosoftGraphAlert

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | Read-only. | [optional] 
**ActivityGroupName** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Name or alias of the activity group (attacker) this alert is attributed to. | [optional] 
**AlertDetections** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertDetection**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertDetection.md) |  | [optional] 
**AssignedTo** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Name of the analyst the alert is assigned to for triage, investigation, or remediation (supports update). | [optional] 
**AzureSubscriptionId** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Azure subscription ID, present if this alert is related to an Azure resource. | [optional] 
**AzureTenantId** | Pointer to **string** | Azure Active Directory tenant ID. Required. | [optional] 
**Category** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Category of the alert (for example, credentialTheft, ransomware, etc.). | [optional] 
**ClosedDateTime** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Time at which the alert was closed. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is 2014-01-01T00:00:00Z (supports update). | [optional] 
**CloudAppStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphCloudAppSecurityState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphCloudAppSecurityState.md) | Security-related stateful information generated by the provider about the cloud application/s related to this alert. | [optional] 
**Comments** | Pointer to **[]string** | Customer-provided comments on alert (for customer alert management) (supports update). | [optional] 
**Confidence** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Confidence of the detection logic (percentage between 1-100). | [optional] 
**CreatedDateTime** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Time at which the alert was created by the alert provider. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is 2014-01-01T00:00:00Z. Required. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Alert description. | [optional] 
**DetectionIds** | Pointer to **[]string** | Set of alerts related to this alert entity (each alert is pushed to the SIEM as a separate record). | [optional] 
**EventDateTime** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Time at which the event(s) that served as the trigger(s) to generate the alert occurred. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is 2014-01-01T00:00:00Z. Required. | [optional] 
**Feedback** | Pointer to [**AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertFeedback**](anyOf&lt;microsoft.graph.alertFeedback&gt;.md) | Analyst feedback on the alert. Possible values are: unknown, truePositive, falsePositive, benignPositive. (supports update) | [optional] 
**FileStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphFileSecurityState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphFileSecurityState.md) | Security-related stateful information generated by the provider about the file(s) related to this alert. | [optional] 
**HistoryStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertHistoryState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertHistoryState.md) | A collection of alertHistoryStates comprising an audit log of all updates made to an alert. | [optional] 
**HostStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphHostSecurityState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphHostSecurityState.md) | Security-related stateful information generated by the provider about the host(s) related to this alert. | [optional] 
**IncidentIds** | Pointer to **[]string** | IDs of incidents related to current alert. | [optional] 
**InvestigationSecurityStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphInvestigationSecurityState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphInvestigationSecurityState.md) |  | [optional] 
**LastEventDateTime** | Pointer to **NullableTime** |  | [optional] 
**LastModifiedDateTime** | Pointer to **NullableTime** | Time at which the alert entity was last modified. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is 2014-01-01T00:00:00Z. | [optional] 
**MalwareStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphMalwareState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphMalwareState.md) | Threat Intelligence pertaining to malware related to this alert. | [optional] 
**MessageSecurityStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphMessageSecurityState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphMessageSecurityState.md) |  | [optional] 
**NetworkConnections** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphNetworkConnection**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphNetworkConnection.md) | Security-related stateful information generated by the provider about the network connection(s) related to this alert. | [optional] 
**Processes** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphProcess**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphProcess.md) | Security-related stateful information generated by the provider about the process or processes related to this alert. | [optional] 
**RecommendedActions** | Pointer to **[]string** | Vendor/provider recommended action(s) to take as a result of the alert (for example, isolate machine, enforce2FA, reimage host). | [optional] 
**RegistryKeyStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphRegistryKeyState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphRegistryKeyState.md) | Security-related stateful information generated by the provider about the registry keys related to this alert. | [optional] 
**SecurityResources** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphSecurityResource**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphSecurityResource.md) | Resources related to current alert. For example, for some alerts this can have the Azure Resource value. | [optional] 
**Severity** | Pointer to [**AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertSeverity**](anyOf&lt;microsoft.graph.alertSeverity&gt;.md) | Alert severity - set by vendor/provider. Possible values are: unknown, informational, low, medium, high. Required. | [optional] 
**SourceMaterials** | Pointer to **[]string** | Hyperlinks (URIs) to the source material related to the alert, for example, provider&#39;s user interface for alerts or log search, etc. | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to [**AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertStatus**](anyOf&lt;microsoft.graph.alertStatus&gt;.md) | Alert lifecycle status (stage). Possible values are: unknown, newAlert, inProgress, resolved. (supports update). Required. | [optional] 
**Tags** | Pointer to **[]string** | User-definable labels that can be applied to an alert and can serve as filter conditions (for example &#39;HVA&#39;, &#39;SAW&#39;, etc.) (supports update). | [optional] 
**Title** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Alert title. Required. | [optional] 
**Triggers** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertTrigger**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertTrigger.md) | Security-related information about the specific properties that triggered the alert (properties appearing in the alert). Alerts might contain information about multiple users, hosts, files, ip addresses. This field indicates which properties triggered the alert generation. | [optional] 
**UriClickSecurityStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphUriClickSecurityState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphUriClickSecurityState.md) |  | [optional] 
**UserStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphUserSecurityState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphUserSecurityState.md) | Security-related stateful information generated by the provider about the user accounts related to this alert. | [optional] 
**VendorInformation** | Pointer to [**AnyOfmicrosoftGraphSecurityVendorInformation**](anyOf&lt;microsoft.graph.securityVendorInformation&gt;.md) | Complex type containing details about the security product/service vendor, provider, and subprovider (for example, vendor&#x3D;Microsoft; provider&#x3D;Windows Defender ATP; subProvider&#x3D;AppLocker). Required. | [optional] 
**VulnerabilityStates** | Pointer to [**[]AnyOfmicrosoftGraphVulnerabilityState**](AnyOfmicrosoftGraphVulnerabilityState.md) | Threat intelligence pertaining to one or more vulnerabilities related to this alert. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewMicrosoftGraphAlert

`func NewMicrosoftGraphAlert() *MicrosoftGraphAlert`

NewMicrosoftGraphAlert instantiates a new MicrosoftGraphAlert object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewMicrosoftGraphAlertWithDefaults

`func NewMicrosoftGraphAlertWithDefaults() *MicrosoftGraphAlert`

NewMicrosoftGraphAlertWithDefaults instantiates a new MicrosoftGraphAlert object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetActivityGroupName

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetActivityGroupName() string`

GetActivityGroupName returns the ActivityGroupName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetActivityGroupNameOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetActivityGroupNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetActivityGroupNameOk returns a tuple with the ActivityGroupName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetActivityGroupName

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetActivityGroupName(v string)`

SetActivityGroupName sets ActivityGroupName field to given value.

### HasActivityGroupName

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasActivityGroupName() bool`

HasActivityGroupName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetActivityGroupNameNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetActivityGroupNameNil(b bool)`

 SetActivityGroupNameNil sets the value for ActivityGroupName to be an explicit nil

### UnsetActivityGroupName
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetActivityGroupName()`

UnsetActivityGroupName ensures that no value is present for ActivityGroupName, not even an explicit nil
### GetAlertDetections

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetAlertDetections() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertDetection`

GetAlertDetections returns the AlertDetections field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAlertDetectionsOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetAlertDetectionsOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertDetection, bool)`

GetAlertDetectionsOk returns a tuple with the AlertDetections field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAlertDetections

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetAlertDetections(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertDetection)`

SetAlertDetections sets AlertDetections field to given value.

### HasAlertDetections

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasAlertDetections() bool`

HasAlertDetections returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAssignedTo

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetAssignedTo() string`

GetAssignedTo returns the AssignedTo field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAssignedToOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetAssignedToOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAssignedToOk returns a tuple with the AssignedTo field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAssignedTo

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetAssignedTo(v string)`

SetAssignedTo sets AssignedTo field to given value.

### HasAssignedTo

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasAssignedTo() bool`

HasAssignedTo returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAssignedToNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetAssignedToNil(b bool)`

 SetAssignedToNil sets the value for AssignedTo to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAssignedTo
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetAssignedTo()`

UnsetAssignedTo ensures that no value is present for AssignedTo, not even an explicit nil
### GetAzureSubscriptionId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetAzureSubscriptionId() string`

GetAzureSubscriptionId returns the AzureSubscriptionId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAzureSubscriptionIdOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetAzureSubscriptionIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAzureSubscriptionIdOk returns a tuple with the AzureSubscriptionId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAzureSubscriptionId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetAzureSubscriptionId(v string)`

SetAzureSubscriptionId sets AzureSubscriptionId field to given value.

### HasAzureSubscriptionId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasAzureSubscriptionId() bool`

HasAzureSubscriptionId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAzureSubscriptionIdNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetAzureSubscriptionIdNil(b bool)`

 SetAzureSubscriptionIdNil sets the value for AzureSubscriptionId to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAzureSubscriptionId
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetAzureSubscriptionId()`

UnsetAzureSubscriptionId ensures that no value is present for AzureSubscriptionId, not even an explicit nil
### GetAzureTenantId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetAzureTenantId() string`

GetAzureTenantId returns the AzureTenantId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAzureTenantIdOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetAzureTenantIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAzureTenantIdOk returns a tuple with the AzureTenantId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAzureTenantId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetAzureTenantId(v string)`

SetAzureTenantId sets AzureTenantId field to given value.

### HasAzureTenantId

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasAzureTenantId() bool`

HasAzureTenantId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCategory

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetCategory() string`

GetCategory returns the Category field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCategoryOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetCategoryOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCategoryOk returns a tuple with the Category field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCategory

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetCategory(v string)`

SetCategory sets Category field to given value.

### HasCategory

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasCategory() bool`

HasCategory returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCategoryNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetCategoryNil(b bool)`

 SetCategoryNil sets the value for Category to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCategory
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetCategory()`

UnsetCategory ensures that no value is present for Category, not even an explicit nil
### GetClosedDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetClosedDateTime() time.Time`

GetClosedDateTime returns the ClosedDateTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetClosedDateTimeOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetClosedDateTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetClosedDateTimeOk returns a tuple with the ClosedDateTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetClosedDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetClosedDateTime(v time.Time)`

SetClosedDateTime sets ClosedDateTime field to given value.

### HasClosedDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasClosedDateTime() bool`

HasClosedDateTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetClosedDateTimeNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetClosedDateTimeNil(b bool)`

 SetClosedDateTimeNil sets the value for ClosedDateTime to be an explicit nil

### UnsetClosedDateTime
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetClosedDateTime()`

UnsetClosedDateTime ensures that no value is present for ClosedDateTime, not even an explicit nil
### GetCloudAppStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetCloudAppStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphCloudAppSecurityState`

GetCloudAppStates returns the CloudAppStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCloudAppStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetCloudAppStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphCloudAppSecurityState, bool)`

GetCloudAppStatesOk returns a tuple with the CloudAppStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCloudAppStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetCloudAppStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphCloudAppSecurityState)`

SetCloudAppStates sets CloudAppStates field to given value.

### HasCloudAppStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasCloudAppStates() bool`

HasCloudAppStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetComments

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetComments() []*string`

GetComments returns the Comments field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommentsOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetCommentsOk() (*[]*string, bool)`

GetCommentsOk returns a tuple with the Comments field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetComments

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetComments(v []*string)`

SetComments sets Comments field to given value.

### HasComments

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasComments() bool`

HasComments returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetConfidence

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetConfidence() int32`

GetConfidence returns the Confidence field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConfidenceOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetConfidenceOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetConfidenceOk returns a tuple with the Confidence field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConfidence

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetConfidence(v int32)`

SetConfidence sets Confidence field to given value.

### HasConfidence

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasConfidence() bool`

HasConfidence returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetConfidenceNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetConfidenceNil(b bool)`

 SetConfidenceNil sets the value for Confidence to be an explicit nil

### UnsetConfidence
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetConfidence()`

UnsetConfidence ensures that no value is present for Confidence, not even an explicit nil
### GetCreatedDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetCreatedDateTime() time.Time`

GetCreatedDateTime returns the CreatedDateTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedDateTimeOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetCreatedDateTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedDateTimeOk returns a tuple with the CreatedDateTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetCreatedDateTime(v time.Time)`

SetCreatedDateTime sets CreatedDateTime field to given value.

### HasCreatedDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasCreatedDateTime() bool`

HasCreatedDateTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetCreatedDateTimeNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetCreatedDateTimeNil(b bool)`

 SetCreatedDateTimeNil sets the value for CreatedDateTime to be an explicit nil

### UnsetCreatedDateTime
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetCreatedDateTime()`

UnsetCreatedDateTime ensures that no value is present for CreatedDateTime, not even an explicit nil
### GetDescription

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDescriptionNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetDescriptionNil(b bool)`

 SetDescriptionNil sets the value for Description to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDescription
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetDescription()`

UnsetDescription ensures that no value is present for Description, not even an explicit nil
### GetDetectionIds

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetDetectionIds() []*string`

GetDetectionIds returns the DetectionIds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDetectionIdsOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetDetectionIdsOk() (*[]*string, bool)`

GetDetectionIdsOk returns a tuple with the DetectionIds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDetectionIds

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetDetectionIds(v []*string)`

SetDetectionIds sets DetectionIds field to given value.

### HasDetectionIds

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasDetectionIds() bool`

HasDetectionIds returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEventDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetEventDateTime() time.Time`

GetEventDateTime returns the EventDateTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEventDateTimeOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetEventDateTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetEventDateTimeOk returns a tuple with the EventDateTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEventDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetEventDateTime(v time.Time)`

SetEventDateTime sets EventDateTime field to given value.

### HasEventDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasEventDateTime() bool`

HasEventDateTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetEventDateTimeNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetEventDateTimeNil(b bool)`

 SetEventDateTimeNil sets the value for EventDateTime to be an explicit nil

### UnsetEventDateTime
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetEventDateTime()`

UnsetEventDateTime ensures that no value is present for EventDateTime, not even an explicit nil
### GetFeedback

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetFeedback() AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertFeedback`

GetFeedback returns the Feedback field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFeedbackOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetFeedbackOk() (*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertFeedback, bool)`

GetFeedbackOk returns a tuple with the Feedback field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFeedback

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetFeedback(v AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertFeedback)`

SetFeedback sets Feedback field to given value.

### HasFeedback

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasFeedback() bool`

HasFeedback returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFeedbackNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetFeedbackNil(b bool)`

 SetFeedbackNil sets the value for Feedback to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFeedback
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetFeedback()`

UnsetFeedback ensures that no value is present for Feedback, not even an explicit nil
### GetFileStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetFileStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphFileSecurityState`

GetFileStates returns the FileStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFileStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetFileStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphFileSecurityState, bool)`

GetFileStatesOk returns a tuple with the FileStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFileStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetFileStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphFileSecurityState)`

SetFileStates sets FileStates field to given value.

### HasFileStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasFileStates() bool`

HasFileStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHistoryStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetHistoryStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertHistoryState`

GetHistoryStates returns the HistoryStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHistoryStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetHistoryStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertHistoryState, bool)`

GetHistoryStatesOk returns a tuple with the HistoryStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHistoryStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetHistoryStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertHistoryState)`

SetHistoryStates sets HistoryStates field to given value.

### HasHistoryStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasHistoryStates() bool`

HasHistoryStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetHostStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetHostStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphHostSecurityState`

GetHostStates returns the HostStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHostStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetHostStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphHostSecurityState, bool)`

GetHostStatesOk returns a tuple with the HostStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHostStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetHostStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphHostSecurityState)`

SetHostStates sets HostStates field to given value.

### HasHostStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasHostStates() bool`

HasHostStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncidentIds

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetIncidentIds() []*string`

GetIncidentIds returns the IncidentIds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncidentIdsOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetIncidentIdsOk() (*[]*string, bool)`

GetIncidentIdsOk returns a tuple with the IncidentIds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncidentIds

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetIncidentIds(v []*string)`

SetIncidentIds sets IncidentIds field to given value.

### HasIncidentIds

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasIncidentIds() bool`

HasIncidentIds returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetInvestigationSecurityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetInvestigationSecurityStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphInvestigationSecurityState`

GetInvestigationSecurityStates returns the InvestigationSecurityStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetInvestigationSecurityStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetInvestigationSecurityStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphInvestigationSecurityState, bool)`

GetInvestigationSecurityStatesOk returns a tuple with the InvestigationSecurityStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetInvestigationSecurityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetInvestigationSecurityStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphInvestigationSecurityState)`

SetInvestigationSecurityStates sets InvestigationSecurityStates field to given value.

### HasInvestigationSecurityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasInvestigationSecurityStates() bool`

HasInvestigationSecurityStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLastEventDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetLastEventDateTime() time.Time`

GetLastEventDateTime returns the LastEventDateTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastEventDateTimeOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetLastEventDateTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetLastEventDateTimeOk returns a tuple with the LastEventDateTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastEventDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetLastEventDateTime(v time.Time)`

SetLastEventDateTime sets LastEventDateTime field to given value.

### HasLastEventDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasLastEventDateTime() bool`

HasLastEventDateTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLastEventDateTimeNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetLastEventDateTimeNil(b bool)`

 SetLastEventDateTimeNil sets the value for LastEventDateTime to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLastEventDateTime
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetLastEventDateTime()`

UnsetLastEventDateTime ensures that no value is present for LastEventDateTime, not even an explicit nil
### GetLastModifiedDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetLastModifiedDateTime() time.Time`

GetLastModifiedDateTime returns the LastModifiedDateTime field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastModifiedDateTimeOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetLastModifiedDateTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetLastModifiedDateTimeOk returns a tuple with the LastModifiedDateTime field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastModifiedDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetLastModifiedDateTime(v time.Time)`

SetLastModifiedDateTime sets LastModifiedDateTime field to given value.

### HasLastModifiedDateTime

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasLastModifiedDateTime() bool`

HasLastModifiedDateTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLastModifiedDateTimeNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetLastModifiedDateTimeNil(b bool)`

 SetLastModifiedDateTimeNil sets the value for LastModifiedDateTime to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLastModifiedDateTime
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetLastModifiedDateTime()`

UnsetLastModifiedDateTime ensures that no value is present for LastModifiedDateTime, not even an explicit nil
### GetMalwareStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetMalwareStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphMalwareState`

GetMalwareStates returns the MalwareStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMalwareStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetMalwareStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphMalwareState, bool)`

GetMalwareStatesOk returns a tuple with the MalwareStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMalwareStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetMalwareStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphMalwareState)`

SetMalwareStates sets MalwareStates field to given value.

### HasMalwareStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasMalwareStates() bool`

HasMalwareStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetMessageSecurityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetMessageSecurityStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphMessageSecurityState`

GetMessageSecurityStates returns the MessageSecurityStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMessageSecurityStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetMessageSecurityStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphMessageSecurityState, bool)`

GetMessageSecurityStatesOk returns a tuple with the MessageSecurityStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMessageSecurityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetMessageSecurityStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphMessageSecurityState)`

SetMessageSecurityStates sets MessageSecurityStates field to given value.

### HasMessageSecurityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasMessageSecurityStates() bool`

HasMessageSecurityStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetNetworkConnections

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetNetworkConnections() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphNetworkConnection`

GetNetworkConnections returns the NetworkConnections field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNetworkConnectionsOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetNetworkConnectionsOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphNetworkConnection, bool)`

GetNetworkConnectionsOk returns a tuple with the NetworkConnections field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetNetworkConnections

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetNetworkConnections(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphNetworkConnection)`

SetNetworkConnections sets NetworkConnections field to given value.

### HasNetworkConnections

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasNetworkConnections() bool`

HasNetworkConnections returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProcesses

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetProcesses() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphProcess`

GetProcesses returns the Processes field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProcessesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetProcessesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphProcess, bool)`

GetProcessesOk returns a tuple with the Processes field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProcesses

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetProcesses(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphProcess)`

SetProcesses sets Processes field to given value.

### HasProcesses

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasProcesses() bool`

HasProcesses returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRecommendedActions

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetRecommendedActions() []*string`

GetRecommendedActions returns the RecommendedActions field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecommendedActionsOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetRecommendedActionsOk() (*[]*string, bool)`

GetRecommendedActionsOk returns a tuple with the RecommendedActions field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecommendedActions

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetRecommendedActions(v []*string)`

SetRecommendedActions sets RecommendedActions field to given value.

### HasRecommendedActions

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasRecommendedActions() bool`

HasRecommendedActions returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRegistryKeyStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetRegistryKeyStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphRegistryKeyState`

GetRegistryKeyStates returns the RegistryKeyStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRegistryKeyStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetRegistryKeyStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphRegistryKeyState, bool)`

GetRegistryKeyStatesOk returns a tuple with the RegistryKeyStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRegistryKeyStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetRegistryKeyStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphRegistryKeyState)`

SetRegistryKeyStates sets RegistryKeyStates field to given value.

### HasRegistryKeyStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasRegistryKeyStates() bool`

HasRegistryKeyStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSecurityResources

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetSecurityResources() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphSecurityResource`

GetSecurityResources returns the SecurityResources field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSecurityResourcesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetSecurityResourcesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphSecurityResource, bool)`

GetSecurityResourcesOk returns a tuple with the SecurityResources field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSecurityResources

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetSecurityResources(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphSecurityResource)`

SetSecurityResources sets SecurityResources field to given value.

### HasSecurityResources

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasSecurityResources() bool`

HasSecurityResources returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSeverity

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetSeverity() AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertSeverity`

GetSeverity returns the Severity field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSeverityOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetSeverityOk() (*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertSeverity, bool)`

GetSeverityOk returns a tuple with the Severity field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSeverity

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetSeverity(v AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertSeverity)`

SetSeverity sets Severity field to given value.

### HasSeverity

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasSeverity() bool`

HasSeverity returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetSeverityNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetSeverityNil(b bool)`

 SetSeverityNil sets the value for Severity to be an explicit nil

### UnsetSeverity
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetSeverity()`

UnsetSeverity ensures that no value is present for Severity, not even an explicit nil
### GetSourceMaterials

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetSourceMaterials() []*string`

GetSourceMaterials returns the SourceMaterials field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSourceMaterialsOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetSourceMaterialsOk() (*[]*string, bool)`

GetSourceMaterialsOk returns a tuple with the SourceMaterials field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSourceMaterials

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetSourceMaterials(v []*string)`

SetSourceMaterials sets SourceMaterials field to given value.

### HasSourceMaterials

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasSourceMaterials() bool`

HasSourceMaterials returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatus

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetStatus() AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertStatus`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetStatusOk() (*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertStatus, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetStatus(v AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertStatus)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetStatusNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetStatusNil(b bool)`

 SetStatusNil sets the value for Status to be an explicit nil

### UnsetStatus
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetStatus()`

UnsetStatus ensures that no value is present for Status, not even an explicit nil
### GetTags

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetTags() []*string`

GetTags returns the Tags field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTagsOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetTagsOk() (*[]*string, bool)`

GetTagsOk returns a tuple with the Tags field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTags

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetTags(v []*string)`

SetTags sets Tags field to given value.

### HasTags

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasTags() bool`

HasTags returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTitle

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetTitle() string`

GetTitle returns the Title field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTitleOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetTitleOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTitleOk returns a tuple with the Title field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTitle

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetTitle(v string)`

SetTitle sets Title field to given value.

### HasTitle

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasTitle() bool`

HasTitle returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTitleNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetTitleNil(b bool)`

 SetTitleNil sets the value for Title to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTitle
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetTitle()`

UnsetTitle ensures that no value is present for Title, not even an explicit nil
### GetTriggers

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetTriggers() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertTrigger`

GetTriggers returns the Triggers field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTriggersOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetTriggersOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertTrigger, bool)`

GetTriggersOk returns a tuple with the Triggers field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTriggers

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetTriggers(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphAlertTrigger)`

SetTriggers sets Triggers field to given value.

### HasTriggers

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasTriggers() bool`

HasTriggers returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUriClickSecurityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetUriClickSecurityStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphUriClickSecurityState`

GetUriClickSecurityStates returns the UriClickSecurityStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUriClickSecurityStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetUriClickSecurityStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphUriClickSecurityState, bool)`

GetUriClickSecurityStatesOk returns a tuple with the UriClickSecurityStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUriClickSecurityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetUriClickSecurityStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphUriClickSecurityState)`

SetUriClickSecurityStates sets UriClickSecurityStates field to given value.

### HasUriClickSecurityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasUriClickSecurityStates() bool`

HasUriClickSecurityStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUserStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetUserStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphUserSecurityState`

GetUserStates returns the UserStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUserStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetUserStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphUserSecurityState, bool)`

GetUserStatesOk returns a tuple with the UserStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUserStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetUserStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphUserSecurityState)`

SetUserStates sets UserStates field to given value.

### HasUserStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasUserStates() bool`

HasUserStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetVendorInformation

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetVendorInformation() AnyOfmicrosoftGraphSecurityVendorInformation`

GetVendorInformation returns the VendorInformation field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVendorInformationOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetVendorInformationOk() (*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphSecurityVendorInformation, bool)`

GetVendorInformationOk returns a tuple with the VendorInformation field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVendorInformation

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetVendorInformation(v AnyOfmicrosoftGraphSecurityVendorInformation)`

SetVendorInformation sets VendorInformation field to given value.

### HasVendorInformation

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasVendorInformation() bool`

HasVendorInformation returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetVendorInformationNil

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetVendorInformationNil(b bool)`

 SetVendorInformationNil sets the value for VendorInformation to be an explicit nil

### UnsetVendorInformation
`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) UnsetVendorInformation()`

UnsetVendorInformation ensures that no value is present for VendorInformation, not even an explicit nil
### GetVulnerabilityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetVulnerabilityStates() []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphVulnerabilityState`

GetVulnerabilityStates returns the VulnerabilityStates field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVulnerabilityStatesOk

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) GetVulnerabilityStatesOk() (*[]*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphVulnerabilityState, bool)`

GetVulnerabilityStatesOk returns a tuple with the VulnerabilityStates field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVulnerabilityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) SetVulnerabilityStates(v []*AnyOfmicrosoftGraphVulnerabilityState)`

SetVulnerabilityStates sets VulnerabilityStates field to given value.

### HasVulnerabilityStates

`func (o *MicrosoftGraphAlert) HasVulnerabilityStates() bool`

HasVulnerabilityStates returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


